As a technical person myself,
it's easy for me to pick up on ways that this could transform a team.
You might be right there with me,
but business-minded decision-makers often appreciate
things in different ways than a technical minded person.
If we want to convince them to fund a CI/CD project
or adjust processes to work better with continuous delivery,
we need to get on the same page.
So instead of spending time selling you on the concept of CI/CD,
let's talk about how to sell it to others.
Often we technologists have no problems
speaking and understanding the language of technology.
But the technical benefits of CI/CD may not
always be so compelling to folks on the business side of the company.
It's a good idea when trying to sell or defend the idea of
CI/CD to decision-makers to try to do some translation on our side.
In order to translate technical benefits to business benefits,
we need to think in terms of value.
One helpful framework that I like to use is
this Value Framework created by Black Swan Farming.
It's extremely simple.
This framework says that business value will do one of four things.
It'll increase revenue, protect revenue,
reduce cost, or avoid cost.
Let's apply this framework to our CI/CD benefits and
see what kind of business translations we can come up with.
CI/CD is able to catch compile errors after merge.
That's a great technical benefit.
The business value could be reducing costs,
because less developer time on issues from new developer code.
CI/CD is able to catch unit test failures.
The business value could be avoiding cost,
because less bugs in production save on repair bills.
CI/CD is able to detect security vulnerabilities.
The business value of course,
is avoiding cost because we can prevent embarrassing or costly security holes.
Saying the phrase, "Save money or save
face," are two sure fire ways to get the business team on board.
CI/CD is able to automate infrastructure creation.
The business value could be avoiding cost
because less human errors means faster and more consistent deployments.
CI/CD is able to automate infrastructure clean up.
The business value, could be reducing costs,
because we would have less infrastructure costs from unused resources.
CI/CD gives us faster and more frequent production deployments.
The business value could be increasing revenue,
because we have new value generating features being released more quickly.
The only thing most companies love more than saving money is making more of it.
CI/CD allows us to deploy to production without manual checks.
The business value could be increased revenue,
because features will take less time to go to market.
While it may be exciting for you and me to be able to say
we can spend less time doing time-consuming manual checks,
using the magic phrase,
"Less time to market," is a much quicker way to get their attention."
CI/CD can perform automated smoke tests.
The business value could be protecting revenue,
because we would have reduced downtime from deployment related crash or major bug.
CI/CD is able to automate rollbacks triggered by job failures.
The business value could be protecting revenue,
because we could have a quick undo process
to return production to a working state in case things go wrong.
If only I had an automated rollback the time I gave my wife a mixer for her birthday.
Things are a lot easier when we speak the same language.